[Music]
you believe in Pyrus of course and you
look here you get the view that the
audience gifts
[Music]
we must start creating ghost stories
here and watch the fighter experience
Rises wonderful characters caught up in
this magical fantastic world we took
movie about a ride and maybe that's
about pirates and the combination of
those two is captured everybody's
imagination and became really success
welcome to the Caribbean that time base
for Pirates of the Caribbean become
massive heavy
and John as Jack Sparrow I just think
he's extraordinary he created this
fantastic character who became kind of
an icon that everybody loves
[Music]
[Applause]
we have such fond memories of the first
really siscon regular males
[Music]
when you watch the films you get this
feeling this sensation that anything can
happen
just to usual Spirent his new party to
movie has new characters are going to
bring a new flavor and a different
dimension to one of the most powerful
fantasies the full-time
-
[Music]
this movie is so fresh so different so
scary it's a whole reinvention of a
pirates movie
for its life
[Music]